{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 sample 1: difficult to segment, leaf touches bud shell\
\
sample 2: might be possible to segment it, it wasn\'92t obviously easy\
\
sample 3: might be possible, bud could be better aligned with the axes\
\
sample 4: it would likely be possible to segment if the bud was aligned with the axes\
\
sample 5: not found, need to check on oscar\
\
sample 6: looks easy but it is not.\
\
sample 7: it might help to align the bud with one of the axes.\
\
sample 8: it seems like this is a leaf, no bud shell. voxel count: 184289\
\
sample 9: should be rotated\
\
sample 10: it is dense. it is unclear what\'92s a bud and what\'92s a leaf\
\
sample 11: I\'92m not sure what is bud shell here.\
\
sample 12: should be rotated\
\
sample 13: possibly fragmented it, although the bud shell could have two layers. a higher resolution image stack would be good to make the vortex count more accurate. voxel count: 405748\
\
sample 14: should be rotated\
\
sample 15: seems like this is a leaf without bud shell. there are some unusually bright pixels in this image stack. voxel count: 136623\
\
sample 16: might be possible to segment, it might help if bud was aligned with axis\
\
sample 17: one of the original samples i worked with, couldn\'92t segment it \
\
sample 18: should be rotated\
\
sample 19: it seems like this is a leaf, no bud shell. voxel count: 2183158, but it is uncertain because of the fuzz\
\
sample 20: it might be possible to fragment, didn\'92t find a quick solution\
\
sample 21: successfully segmented! voxel count: 424767\
\
sample 22: it seems like this is a leaf, no bud shell. voxel count: 116369\
\
sample 23: might be easy to segment. the problem is that the upper part of the leafs are as dark as some of the background.\
\
sample 24: it might be possible to fragment, didn\'92t find a quick solution\
\
sample 25: should be rotated\
\
sample 26: the middle part is too dark, difficult to segment\
\
sample 27: should be rotated\
\
sample 28: seems like this is a leaf without bud shell. there are some unusually bright pixels in this image stack. voxel count: 111426\
\
sample 29: image files were not sorted properly\
\
sample 30: difficult to segment, not even sure what is bud shell and leaf. everything is bright inside the bud.\
\
sample 31: it might be possible to fragment, didn\'92t find a quick solution\
\
sample 32: should be rotated\
\
sample 33: image files were not sorted properly\
\
sample 34: seems like this is a leaf without bud shell. there are some unusually bright pixels in this image stack. voxel count: 2915354\
\
sample 35: should be rotated\
\
sample 36: already segmented\
\
sample 37: difficult to segment\
\
sample 38: it seems like this is a leaf, no bud shell. voxel count: 248258, but it is uncertain because of the fuzz\
\
sample 39: difficult to segment - dense leafs\
\
sample 40: difficult to segment - dense leafs\
\
sample 41: difficult to segment - dense leafs \
\
sample 42: should be rotated\
\
sample 43: difficult to segment, the middle part of the bud is too dark\
\
sample 44: it seems like this is a leaf, no bud shell. voxel count: 379120, but it is uncertain because of the fuzz\
\
\
}